### Overview

This directory contains the essential components for converting knowledge assets into an OWL (Web Ontology Language) ontology, particularly designed for working with data in OriginTrail's Decentralized Knowledge Graph (DKG). 

The primary script, KnowledgeAssetsToOWL.py, automates the process of reading JSON-LD formatted knowledge assets and translating them into a structured OWL ontology.

### Contents
KnowledgeAssetsToOWL.py: A Python script that reads JSON-LD data files representing knowledge assets and generates an OWL ontology based on the structure and relationships found in the data.
Ontology.ttl: The Turtle (.ttl) formatted file generated by the script, representing the OWL ontology.
How It Works

The KnowledgeAssetsToOWL.py script operates by pulling in data from predefined files within the code. Each of these files represents a unique knowledge asset in JSON-LD format. The script then processes this data to extract relevant information and relationships, ultimately constructing an OWL ontology that reflects the intricacies and connections inherent in the knowledge assets.

### Usage

To use the KnowledgeAssetsToOWL.py script:

Ensure that all prerequisite knowledge asset files (in JSON-LD format) are available and correctly referenced in the script.

Run the script using a Python interpreter:


```python KnowledgeAssetsToOWL.py```

Upon successful execution, the script will generate an Ontology.ttl file, which contains the OWL ontology representing the structure and relationships of the input knowledge assets.

### Purpose

The primary purpose of this directory and its contents is to assist developers in building and understanding the ontology of existing data within OriginTrail's DKG. By automating the conversion of JSON-LD formatted knowledge assets into an OWL ontology, this tool facilitates a deeper comprehension of data relationships and structures, which is crucial for effective utilization and integration of data within the DKG.